you
greetings since its Rob from android
community and city we're taking a look
at the kyocera hydro edge this is a
newer q sera handset another
water-resistant handset and it's running
Android 4.1 point2 it's a mostly stock
experience however there are a few
customizations here and there such as
the lock screen there's a nice flick to
unlock that lets you either unlock or go
into a few app shortcuts and when you
gotta know which way you're going just
flick it open not a huge feature but
nice nonetheless then you have your
basic you know drop down and all that
good stuff the handset is a has a 4-inch
display and it's powered by a dual-core
1 gigahertz processor nothing over the
top in terms of specs it's just your
basic mid-range phone but it is a decent
looking phone it's it's plasticky but
it's nothing nothing to complain about
necessarily the phone is on the thin
side it is on the light side capacitive
buttons down the bottom it does have a
dedicated camera button on the side and
as you can see it's got the and a
textured grip with the lock which brings
the next important part while the
handset is just your average mid-range
handset kyocera does have something else
going for it similar to some of the
other handsets they've put out in the
past such as the torque which we
reviewed a few months earlier the hydro
line in this case the hydro edge was
shipped to us in this nice little dunk
tank so with that in mind there we go
well that's it for a second and as you
can see fill it with water drop for a
dunk remove and dry bar button click to
unlock
let's try it with a right-hander
there we go
that quite is easier to control the
touchscreen with a wet finger but as you
can see everything still works and in
fact that's one plus of the dedicated
camera button be able to take a picture
even when you have what ends again this
is a rob from android community and this
was a look at the kyocera hydro edge